You go over there
Hehe junior sister hum
This palm will be 200% of my power.
Not 1,000% take
Not good, this palm is so domineering
Even though he has orchid intensive absorption skills
The movements are so extreme and restrained
Xiao Yingguang is afraid that his meridians will be broken and he will die.
This is the power of Hunyuan Thunderclap Palm to break the mirror
This William
Still not splitting mountains and seas
It is to cut off the potential of the celestial body
The master actually killed
Junior sister, are you alright?
This palm is powerful
I'm afraid I can't melt by forcing my hand
Why not do the opposite for the benefit of all?
Leverage its palm
Help Me Orchid Cheats Supreme Inspection
I've never seen this before
Master, did you teach him?
No.
He wants to break through the highest realm of the orchid cheats
This is a risky move
If successful, you can advance your cultivation
If it fails
It will vanish.
Lend your palm
Help me ventilate and wash the sea
Junior brother, how are you?
Don't scare me!
Master, what do I understand?